NAVAND-687: clean up starting a notification service (#6405)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android: CHANGELOG.md

#### Bug fixes and improvements
- Marked `ReplayProgressObserver`, `MapboxReplayer`, `ReplayLocationEngine`, `RerouteController#RoutesCallback`, `NavigationRerouteController#RoutesCallback`, `LocationObserver`, `NavigationSessionStateObserver`, `OffRouteObserver`, `RouteProgressObserver`, `TripSessionStateObserver`, `VoiceInstructionsObserver` methods with `@UiThread` annotation. [#6266](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6266)
- Fix crash due to multiple DataStores active. [#6392](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6392)

> - Made it mandatory to invoke `MapboxNavigation#startTripSession(true)` only from foreground state. [#6405](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6405)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved `MapboxNavigation#startTripSession(withForegroundService = true)` docs to indicate that it should only be called from a foreground state. [#6405](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6405)
```
refs above
